



CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT


XXXXXXX (“Broker”) has been retained on an exclusive basis by XXXXXX (the “Seller”) with respect to property located on XXXXX consisting of land parcels XXXXX (the “Property”).

Owner has provided certain Informational Materials on the property such as financial information. Broker will not disclose this highly sensitive, confidential and proprietary Informational Materials to Potential Purchaser unless and until the Purchaser agrees to strictly adhere to the terms and conditions of this Agreement by executing this Agreement. Upon Broker’s receipt of this executed Agreement, Broker is prepared to provide the Informational Materials for the Potential Purchaser’s consideration in connection with the possible purchase of the Property subject to the following conditions.

    1. 	All Informational Materials pertaining to the Property which may be furnished to the Potential Purchaser by Broker shall continue to be the sole and exclusive property of the Owner and Broker. The Informational Materials will be used solely for the purpose of the Potential Purchaser and may not be copied or duplicated without Broker’s written consent and must be returned to Broker upon Broker’s request or when the Potential Purchaser terminates negotiations with respect to the Property.

    2. The Informational Materials may be disclosed to the Potential Purchaser’s partners, employees, legal counsel, real estate broker, real estate agent and institutional lenders (“Related Parties”), for the purpose of evaluating the potential purchase of the Property. The Potential Purchaser shall maintain in strict confidence and not disclose or transfer to any person, entity or party other than as indicated herein above. The Potential Purchaser is required to disclose the complete terms and conditions of this Confidentiality Agreement in its entirety to all “Related Parties and obtain all “Related Parties” strict adherence to this Agreement. The Potential Purchaser shall take all steps to insure that the confidential information is not disclosed, transferred or utilized in violation of this Agreement.

    3. The Potential Purchaser understands and acknowledges that Broker and the Owner do not make any representations or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the Informational Materials and that the information used in the preparation of the Informational Materials was furnished to Broker by others and has not been independently verified by Broker and is not guaranteed as to completeness or accuracy. It is the responsibility of the Potential Purchaser to independently verify the accuracy and completeness and Informational Materials.

    4. The Potential Purchaser hereby indemnifies and holds harmless Broker and the Owner and their respective affiliates and successors and assigns against and from any loss, liability or expense, including attorney’s fees, arising out of any breach of any of the terms of this Agreement. The Potential Purchaser acknowledges that disclosure of any of the Informational Materials in violation of this Agreement would result in an irreparable injury to

Owner and by reason thereof, the Potential Purchaser consents and agrees that the Owner shall be entitled to an injunction to be issued by any court of competent jurisdiction restraining the Potential Purchaser and the “Related Parties” and its affiliates, representatives, agents or employees from committing or continuing such violation without the necessity of posting a bond or proving special damages or irreparable injury.

    5. The Potential Purchaser acknowledges that the property has not been offered for sale, but if it is, is subject to withdrawal from the market, change in offering price, prior sale or rejection of any offer because of the terms thereof, lack of satisfactory credit references of any prospective purchaser, or for any other reason whatsoever, without notice. The Potential Purchaser acknowledges that the property is being offered without regard to race, creed, sex, religion, or national origin. The Potential Purchaser agrees that in consideration of Broker supplying Informational Materials, all offers to purchase the Property shall be made through Broker.

    6. This Agreement shall insure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Potential Purchaser, “Related Parties” and all respective successors and assigns. The failure of the Owner to insist in any one or more instances upon performance of any terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any term, covenant or condition and the Potential Purchaser’s obligations with respect thereto shall continue in full force in effect. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio.

Your signature below constitutes Agreement with the foregoing. Please return one original signed copy of this Agreement to:




Broker
XXXXXXX

Telephone:  XXXXX
Fax:	XXXXX


POTENTIAL PURCHASER: ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO THIS 	DAY 	OF 20 	



Company     	

Signature:    	

Printed Name:    	

Title::   	

Address::   	

City, State & Zip:    	

Home Phone #	 	

Mobile Phone #	 	

Fax #	 	

Email:    	


Buyer’s Agent   	

Signature:    	

Email   	

Phone:   	
